hi
all right did you want to see some
brochures found him when to the met Ian
she found her man he's gonna spend a
little time with you and he found her
family no one in my family has ever gone
out with a non-greek before Oh
expectable boy come here and ask for my
permission may I please date your
daughter no I'll do anything to get them
to accept me you invited the whole
family
well I'll be baptized more Nicky gonna
be you've got month
but I've never seen my sister so happy
bro if you hurt her I'll kill you and
make it look like an accident
hey we're gonna kill you
Playtone and Gold Circle films cordially
invite you it's a mosquito bite
it's a zit to the wedding of the year
and a romantic comedy of the season Nia
Vardalos John Corbett Lainie Kazan
Michael Constantine gia Curry T's Andrea
Martin and Joey Fatone ian is a
vegetarian he doesn't eat meat you mean
you don't eat meat that's okay I'm meek
lamb My Big Fat Greek Wedding
we may be lambs in the kitchen but we
are Tigers in the bedroom
he'll please let that be the end of your
speech